[0.71][Android] Update pages on New Architecture for 71 (#3453)
facebook/react-native-website: docs/the-new-architecture/pillars-turbomodule.md

- Lazy loading of modules, allowing for faster app startup
- The use of JSI, a JavaScript interface for native code, allows for more efficient communication between native and JavaScript code than the bridge

> This guide will show you how to create a basic Turbo Native Module compatible with React Native 0.71.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will show you how to create a basic Turbo Native Module compatible with the latest version of React Native.
```

All the requirements for the New Architecture have been encapsulated in the [`install_modules_dependencies`](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/82e9c6ad611f1fb816de056ff031716f8cb24b4e/scripts/react_native_pods.rb#L145). It takes care of installing the proper dependencies based on which architecture is currently enabled. It also automatically installs the `React-Core` dependency in the old architecture.

### Android: `build.gradle` and `ReactPackage` class

To prepare Android to run **Codegen** you have to create two files:

1. The `build.gradle` with the **Codegen** configuration

> 2. A Java/Kotlin class that implements the `ReactPackage` interface

Reviewer: Same suggestions as above
